resource_groups: add description about default resource group (#13039)
pingcap/docs: tidb-resource-control.md

> **Note:**
>
> - When you bind a user to a resource group by using `CREATE USER` or `ALTER USER`, it will not take effect for the user's existing sessions, but only for the user's new sessions.

> > - TiDB clusters automatically create a `default` resource group during initialization. For this resource group, the default value of `RU_PER_SEC` is `UNLIMITED` (equivalent to the maximum value of the `INT` type, that is, `2147483647`) and is in `BURSTABLE` mode. Statements that are not bound to a resource group are automatically bound to this resource group. This resource group does not support deletion, but you can modify the configuration of its RU.

Author: ```suggestion
> - TiDB automatically creates a `default` resource group during cluster initialization. For this resource group, the default value of `RU_PER_SEC` is `UNLIMITED` (equivalent to the maximum value of the `INT` type, that is, `2147483647`) and it is in `BURSTABLE` mode. Statements that are not bound to a resource group are automatically bound to this resource group. This resource group does not support deletion, but you can modify the configuration of its RU.
```
